This text document is to outline planned mechanics for MC's personal secretary.
This is the minimum amount of writing to be completed in order to be released

First, unlocking the secretary.

She can be unlocked primarily through Jennifer's storyline, but also gets unlocked once MC has 2 or more members of the HR team.
Hiring Jennifer sets her automatically be the personal secretary, but any girl can be hired into it in the office.

Personal Secretary is technically an HR member, but is based only in the CEO's office.
She does normal HR work, and also contributes to max HR efficiency at half the rate as the HR director.

After unlock the personal secretary policy, a second policy becomes available, called CEO Actions.
This policy adds new work options for MC based in his office, AND allows him to perform all normal work actions from his office.
The standard work options receive a small bonus based on the personal secretary stats.
The new CEO actions will be top down, business wide buffs that MC can invest his time into to create bonuses to production.

Anytime MC works in his office, the work section begins with a new type of crisis event.
Based on time of day, the personal secretary performs a random action.
For example, at the beginning of the day, she may say good morning and ask MC if he wants coffee
In the afternoon, take a lunch order
These events should be VERY short, 2-5 lines of dialogue so they don't get repetitive, with an option to skip them entirely.
Their primary purpose is an additional form of interaction with the secretary for the purpose of raising MC's lust stat over time.

Story progression with the personal secretary is driven by her sluttiness and MC's lust.
This progression takes place in it's entirety within the main personal secretary progression scene. *Similar to Sarah's HR meetings and escalating sex scenes*
The first intro requires 20 sluttiness and an event around the office extremely arouses MC.
MC is unable to concentrate on work, and retreats to his office with a noticable erection.
The personal secretary follows MC into his office and offers to help "Take care of it"

After, MC can request that the personal secretary intervene only at specific lust levels.
These will follow the current standard lust levels.
Lust levels are already defined in code, but lust levels are currently as follows (March 17, 2024):  # property is mc.lust_tier
Lust > 900 = Level 4  ----- Debilitatingly horny. Cannot think about anything but sex, will not turn down sexual advances except in extreme circumstances
Lust > 500 = Level 3  ----- Extremely horny. Difficulty concentrating, will probably accept most sexual advances
Lust > 250 = Level 2  ----- Horny. Will notice sexual advances, may struggle to look away from sexual content 
Lust > 100 = Level 1  ----- Slightly horny. Not particularly turned on, but would be DTF if a prime situation occurred.
Lust <= 100 = Level 0 ----- Satisfied. Generally would not pursue sexual activity unless a prime opportunity (literally) fell in his lap.

After the first event, MC can specify when the personal secretary should intervene and relieve his sexual stress and then considers it a part of her work duties.
Default value is at level 3 or above, but any level can be set.
MC can talk to the personal secretary afterwords at work and change the setting.
Based on player feedback, possibly allow players to disable it completely as well, but for now leave max level 4. Most players probably hit level 4 rarely anyway?

After the initial event, anytime MC works in his office and is above the set lust level, the personal secretary will notice and will offer to relieve him.
The progression event itself is a multiple choice style, with all previous unlocks available.
As the personal secretary goes up in sluttiness, new events become available.
However, because Jennifer is the default personal secretary, each new event will check and see if it is Jennifer, and if so, it checks to see if the appropriate taboo break is complete.
If not, we break the taboo with some special dialogue.
In addition, a normal employee would normally progress oral > vaginal > anal
But with Jennifer, we change the order around so it is oral > anal > vaginal
This progression series also does not progress until the appropriate previous taboo break is complete.
For example, until Jennifer's oral taboo break quest line is complete, no anal progression as the personal secretary as allowed.
In order to allow for rapid progression, Jennifer's taboo breaks not allow for immediate progression with a new option if MC is her boss.
Players can still do the regular taboo break quests, but don't have any further interaction with the personal secretary role.

Outside of the personal secretary progression event, the personal secretary also interacts with Sarah during the monday HR meetings and Rebecca if she is the company accountant.
With Jennifer and Rebecca being sisters this obviously leads to sexual tension, especially if/when they both realise the other is fucking around with MC.